TCS --

Major clients -- ASML AG -semiconducor company
		 Infenion - ||
 		 Deutsche Bank --finance 
		 SAP AG -- business software

 
(If you’re a non-IT and CSE) Why you want to switch to IT industries?

How can you contribute to TCS?

Tell us about your short term and long term goals.


Do you have any plan for higher study?


Tell us a situation where you’ve worked under stress and deadline.


Why will we hire you? / What are the qualities that you think one should
 have to be successful in a company like ours?

Are you ready to relocate? / Work in night shifts?


How did you plan to achieve you career goals?
Make career planning a regular habit.
Set 'SMART' targets.
Once you've hit a target, set another.
Cultivate a positive mindset.
Be persistent.
Seek out constructive feedback.
Explore your passions.
Invest lots of time researching your options


HOw do you overcome  your wekness?


Competers for TCS?
	Amazon, Accenture (US), Cognizant Technology Solutions,
 Wipro Limited and Infosys.



Tell us about the current projects of TCS:
	TCS sees greater demand to transform India’s first generation 
e-governance projects.

 	TCS runs India’s passport project and India Post’s digital and
financial inclusion project, among other e-governance projects. The 
government is stepping up use of such projects, including the one for 
income tax filings.
	In August 31,2020 ,nearly five million people filed their tax returns online, a 
record for a single day. Managing this system required TCS to keep working 
round-the-clock the week prior to the filing deadline. “We are seeing 
two types of demand. One, for the transformation of the first generation 
of e-governance services using newer technologies such as cloud and
 analytics, and two, for newer projects, from healthcare to smart police
 and smart cities.
	Simply put, cloud computing is the delivery of computing services—including
servers, storage, databases, networking, software, analytics, and intelligence—over
 the Internet (“the cloud”) to offer faster innovation, flexible resources,
 and economies of scale.

